This is a head-gum original.
Yeah, we're really part of it.
No applause.
Oh my god.
A meteor.
John Distyers, hear the show.
Often clear.
You can't throw.
Brand new stew.
It's called G.
Eat blue chew.
For your pee.
I can tell that we are going to be themes.
Yes, I can tell that we are going to be themes.
Welcome to Geoffrey O'Brien needs a fiend.
Oh my god.
Like a queen?
Nothing.
You guys have heard the show.
Come on and a Brian needs a friend.
Yeah.
I've never listened.
I've heard of it.
Well, this is Geoffrey O'Brien needs a fiend.
St. Patrick's Day was 48 hours ago.
So I was thinking about Irishman.
I was thinking about killing Murphy as the potential new bond.
And I thought, why not be Geoffrey O'Brien this week?
Feel free to call me Geoffrey O'Brien.
Got it.
He's cutting that Mr. O'Brien.
He's a Geoffrey O'Brien a lot.
It's already coming to fruition, which this episode is, you know,
I get a lot of flack from you guys.
I don't know if I'm appreciate it.
Sometimes it makes for good content.
Sometimes it makes for a lot of awkward silences.
This.
Sorry.
Is something funny?
Geoffrey O'Brien.
Right?
Does it fit?
Does it work?
If the shoe fits, we're going to try it out this episode.
And I'm going to see because a lot of people like to jump down my throat on this fucking show.
Right?
Let's make it official.
Let's see.
If you guys are going to become official fiends of me.
All right.
Yeah.
On Conan's show, they're like, I'm blank.
And I feel blank about being Conan O'Brien's friend.
So, I'm here. Why don't you start us out?
I'm a mere Blumenfeld.
And I feel about being Geoffrey O'Brien's fiend.
So much to remember.
Did you get a haircut?
No.
You're having a chart.
Do you need me to kind of show you again?
Or do you not understand?
He's not.
My name is a mere Blumenfeld.
And I feel fine about being Geoffrey O'Brien's fiend.
Really?
You don't feel fine?
Yeah.
Like, I'm okay with it.
Reign.
Yeah.
I was going to say Reign.
You also don't strike me as an Irish person.
Why is it because of the dark Karen's good?
Yep.
Really?
We really got the bottom of it fast.
You nailed it in one.
There's dark Karen, Englishman.
But not dark skin, Englishman.
An Englishman or Irishman.
We got him.
We absolutely got him, Marika.
We also didn't talk about the lyrics of the intro song.
I kind of spent a lot of time on that.
John Diskind.
Take a few.
When was the last time there was a Bluetooth app?
Yeah.
Well, you're up next.
My name's Wilkanover and I feel blank about being different.
My name's Wilkanover and I feel indifferent about being Jeffrey O'Brien's fiend.
I got there.
Indifference is worse than hate.
Next to godliness.
I don't think indifference is next to godliness.
Are you really sure that's it?
Yeah.
Because god is sort of blaze, blaze, blaze.
That's really good.
Gra.
What's that?
Nothing.
Just like Adlibs.
I say, yeah.
Emma.
My name is Emma Foley and I feel happy about being Jeffrey O'Brien's fiend.
I feel like I need to beat the allegations that I have a bad attitude on this podcast.
Not allegations.
New Year's resolution.
I have to beat my resolution.
I haven't had time to listen to your entire backlog.
So I'll say I feel happy.
My name is Marie Cabralmi and I feel confused about being Jeffrey O'Brien's fiend.
Yeah, fiend.
Let's hear that theme's line in.
Listen to the lyrics of this song.
Okay.
John Destyers, hear this show.
Often blear.
You can't throw.
Brand new stew.
It's called G.
Eat blue chew.
For your pee.
I can tell that we are gonna be fiends.
Yes, I can tell that we are gonna be fiends.
Right?
I couldn't understand like the second and third.
John Destyers.
Yeah.
Hear this show.
Okay.
I knew got that.
What about the next song?
Awesome.
Our entire audience has John Destyers.
What you're saying.
Yeah.
But only in the years.
Okay.
I don't mean the moral cavity.
The next part is what I couldn't quite make.
Often blear.
Uh huh.
Someone's dead.
Mm.
Next line.
You control.
What is that?
It's like an arc arc layer.
It's like an infertross or believe.
Often blear.
Yeah, you control.
Trowed at.
Believe that.
What's another way to say that sentence.
Because I don't understand what it means.
The show sucks.
And you can believe in that.
God.
Um.
Brand new stew.
It's called G.
We got that one.
Yeah.
You're an age.
Eat blue chew for your pee.
Why not for your dee?
Yeah.
I'm not that one.
It's like a weird way to say penis, but dee makes sense and also your rhymes just as well.
It's a little bit harder too, yeah, it's a little more like adult in a way.
Yeah.
Um, I can tell that we're going to be fiends and I don't even mean the lyrics this
point.
I can tell that you and I.
And I heard that you had some kind of chronicles this morning.
I did have some kind of chronicles.
What happened?
I don't know.
Um, well, I was going to the dentist, but then I realized I forgot my wallet at home
so I had to go back home and I need to call them to move the appointment later, which
they very kindly did.
And so then I went, um, and I'm kind of six and sort of like under the weather anyway.
And then I just sent a appointment to my mouth really hurts and then I'm on the train
and then I kind of ripped my pants and that like, like, very single way.
How did you rip your pants on a train?
Um, well, I was bending over and that's kind of the whole story there.
No, no, no, no.
But I just like, what do you bend over to get on the subway?
Did you drop your phone?
Um, no, I didn't drop anything.
I don't know why I was bending over because it's a question.
You're maybe helping someone off the track.
Maybe the time like, yeah, I was doing something noble and chivalrous.
Okay, cool.
Which I was, which I was not thankful for because of women started burating me.
Well, this is, I was trying to kind of get a view of this man who was eating a
begot taking like bites out of it.
Giant giant begot.
He's holding it almost like a horn up in the air.
And so I'm trying to get him look at him and this woman sort of begins burating me.
She was holding some kind of private protest.
Um, I think it was against, it seemed to be against a lot of different groups and then
she started, it's so sad.
She, um, kept calling me ugly.
I'm pleased that she would kill herself as she looks like a dog.
She's gone.
Do you think New Yorkers has gotten weirder since the pandemic?
100%.
In 2019, things were kind of crazy and crazy because New York, but
do you think that's sort of ratcheted up to the end?
10 times.
It's 10 times worse.
I've never done this in terms of like, that was a really interesting
conversation.
I've never done this that much, I've done it, but not this much on to this degree, especially.
It feels like you've been like practicing just a relationship.
No.
Because you were like, I'll put it on the screen right here, but you were like, moving
your hand like a certain way, you were just taking a master class and like getting people
to respect your based on easily the strategy.
Yeah, it was like a baby.
It was like a normal, nice, interesting conversation.
Conversation was.
Are you dealing with a relationship on my hand?
I don't know.
I don't want to deal with it.
That's kind of a fundamental theory.
The master class about hand district, just regulations.
David Blaine.
Barack Obama.
Yeah.
Blaine's good.
I don't know.
I think Blaine.
Obama.
Not fucking justice.
He's not the only famous for it.
Yeah.
Blaine is a dark building.
English man.
So like the fact that you're not that doesn't exist, it's kind of really.
You said that.
Yeah.
I also don't know if David Blaine is English.
I don't like it.
Yeah.
But like, nobody was sure enough to refute it.
Still with the hands.
Yeah.
I can talk to my hands.
That's fine.
I don't know.
You don't.
We'll sit there.
You can see him on the screen.
Yeah.
He has his leg crossed and he's just sitting there still.
And you know what?
That's fine too.
Yeah.
And you know what?
That means that there's a quiet confidence about connover.
There's a quiet connover about confidence.
That's sweet.
Thank you guys for just moving right on from when I said the word.
Yeah.
A killer self.
She looked like me.
I didn't want to talk about it.
So I'm pretty sure.
And I'm clapping.
We're going to come back to it right about now.
You still don't know why you were bending over to look at something that's something
that's always interesting part of the story.
I feel like that's like the most interesting thing there.
I don't know.
I think I put my bag down.
I think it was when I was on the platform.
That made my feet.
That makes sense.
That's a better thing.
Because that's a huge thing to have your pants rip.
It's kind of humiliating.
And I, when I'm on the subway, I walk down the stairs.
I get on the bus and then I get on the fucking tracks.
Right?
I don't end up bending over.
What?
You're talking about the tracks.
Right?
You go ahead and learn from them.
How do you like it?
In public with other people.
I don't really end up in your office.
Yeah.
You stand out.
I'm in a city and I'm in here.
You're the biggest, I'm a student.
I'm a student.
Stay here.
She oscillated.
Separated.
I am.
You taint and poisons.
Like a drop.
Yeah.
In a pool.
But I also paint with poison on the pork belly.
It's drool.
Jesus.
I don't know.
I don't like grum.
What else am I?
So what did they say at the doctor?
Do you have cavities or?
Well, she wants me to get my wisdom teeth out.
She's out of your fun.
I'm going to get the laughing gas.
The fucking oxide.
I do like the laughing gas.
So you're kind of laughing gas.
But without the to surgery.
Oh, I think you're done with that too.
Yeah, you get both.
That's cool.
I don't know.
I mean, I actually don't know.
I've never done it before.
Because I was told I didn't need it.
But she has some different ideas.
Sorry.
Obviously.
Because some people, some camps, rather.
We'll say, you got to get those molars removed.
Others will be like, you know,
you're 29.
Whatever.
Like, you don't need that.
Get on me.
Are you speaking from experience or?
I got my wisdom teeth out when I was 16.
Hey, me too.
I feel like that's the time.
I mean, that's the time to do it.
I mean.
And my dentist told me the same thing.
You'll never need it done.
And then you needed it.
I haven't got to the dentist.
Yeah.
Good amount of time.
Let's see those gums.
I've never done this.
But well, let's see those.
No.
Not interested in sharing the info.
Maybe on a Friday call.
No.
See, this is, I know you're pissed.
But this is better.
Because you have just this going on.
Yeah.
I never had wisdom teeth.
You never grew them.
Never had them.
Well, I've won a few genetic lotteries in my day.
I'd say not having wisdom teeth was a joy unparalleled to most.
I kind of feel like it's modern leprosy to not have those.
Because then you're not part of this club where it's like,
Oh, well, like what crazy thing did you say when you were coming off the,
Yeah.
Flaps.
Laughing gas.
Um, and that, you know, is it represented physically even in the way that we're kind of set up here?
There's like a whole party going on in New York.
I'm behind the desk, which is closest to everyone else in the office.
And you're kind of in this corner.
And no one's in.
I'm here.
He's taking my corner.
Yeah.
I gave like, posting my eyes and hoping to got that, like, when I open them,
I'm somewhere else.
Anything else from your morning, Emma?
No, I think that's pretty much all I've got to.
Twill.
Get off my chest.
Me?
No, no.
Twill.
Winning.
Wool.
What were the pants?
Because I feel like it's like some fabrics are a little bit more poor as a little easier to snap.
Well, these are like stretchy, which just makes it double embarrassing.
So they're jeans.
I can't.
No, they're not jeans.
Okay.
It'd be good if it'd be, worst case scenario is it's denim.
It's not denim.
Okay.
I'm not going fully.
And it isn't twill.
Or did you say it was twill?
Is it a cotton polyester?
Okay.
I don't know what that is.
Yeah.
I think probably a polyester blend.
Probably a polyester blend, eh?
I don't know what you're talking about.
The fucking episode is Jeffrey O'Brien needs a feed.
It's fucking worth it.
So smile.
I'm talking about the fucking material on a pants.
It's on his tears.
You can't feel off the glare.
You can't throw brand new stew.
It's called G.
Eat blue stew for your D.
I can tell that we are going to be themes.
Yes.
Will anything you want to get off your chest sort of Emma style?
I do feel like Emma's the only one enjoying the show, which I appreciate.
Marie is not even trying.
So I don't know if that's she hasn't been to P.J. Clark's in a minute.
She doesn't know what Joy feels like, but this is me.
Sorry, he's the question for me or Marieka.
And is the question, do I have anything to get off my chest or am I enjoying the show?
Both.
I just wondered if we could kind of bond over her con over.
The song is growing on me.
Every time I play it, I like it better.
All right, all right.
Are you playing the guitar, are you?
Is that ripped?
I mean, it's ripped from YouTube.
I think I feel the opposite way that will does where it's.
It's not growing on me at all.
It's shrinking on you.
Yeah.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Only going up, Jeff.
What's that?
The song, my value to it.
In the corner of Ryan needs a friend podcast.
They kind of have a casual interview for most of the show.
Oh, yeah.
Something got full.
Yeah.
On my end, the zoom might be act capacity.
Do you want to random thumb drive I have?
No, I'm used.
SD.
I know, I mean, I have an SD right here.
Oh, sure.
Ready?
Yep.
Oh, my.
I didn't cry.
No.
Let him die.
I'm a doctor.
There we go.
Um.
On the Conan podcast, they have these like casual interviews that make up the bulk of the podcast, right?
With celebrities, etc.
But there's two issues, right?
I don't have the people skills to have a normal conversation.
And y'all aren't famous, right?
So people aren't super interested in your actual personal lives.
So what we're going to do is instead of having a casual interview,
we're going to have a hostile interview.
It feels like you backed into the rationale because you want it to have a hostile interview anyway.
Why don't you talk slash smile more?
Who is that to you?
That's to a mirror.
I do talk a lot.
And you smile.
He does smile a lot.
Yeah.
You just stick you late more than you smile.
I'm also kind of famous.
You said I wasn't famous.
But I am.
In circles.
Yeah.
Ooh.
That's what fame is to be known in circles.
I mean, like I'm here.
Uh, sorry.
Emma.
Um.
That's the first thing we'll ever give us all the time.
Um, like, what's the name of the guy from Glee?
Which guy?
Exactly.
So like some people know the Glee.
Have a male.
Kurt something or other?
Yeah.
Kevin McCail.
Like the basketball player.
No.
Like.
Already.
The guy.
Like a chair.
See, this is my point.
Like yes.
Some people know you.
A lot of people don't know other things.
You got no way.
No way.
Um.
Emma, when are you going to get married?
Oh my god.
I have a list of rude questions to ask.
So I'm asking them to create a hostile environment.
Got it.
I don't know, Jeff.
Okay.
Um.
Will.
What's your cholesterol?
Will is that your real hair?
Yeah.
Okay.
Will.
Why are you still single?
I got two in a row.
I'm not.
Holy shit.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't ask.
Yeah.
I have a wonderful.
Let's talk about dating.
Kings County.
Sorry.
Brooklyn.
Let's talk about dating in Kings County.
I'm not dating.
We're in a long distance relationship.
She's in Cook County.
And it is Marie.
There's no way.
What's Cook's County?
Where's that Chicago?
Cook County, Chicago.
Yeah.
Um.
Why long distance?
Hmm.
Can't go ahead of you.
I'm in person.
Or as well.
Zoom fatigue.
That's the only thing.
Stop playing.
Zoom fatigue.
Isn't the reason for the long distance?
Jeffery O'Brien needs a fan.
Oh.
This is a segment that they do on the Conan podcast where they have fans call in.
We don't have the capabilities to.
We barely have the capabilities to fucking record without running out of
Street.
Yeah.
You do call in shows.
So it's a call in show on our very.
So instead of that, we are going to.
I tweeted last night.
I said, um.
We're doing a special episode of the headgun podcast tomorrow.
Why do you put the question in quotes?
It was the kind of a coincidence.
So you saw the tweet.
Yeah.
I saw the tweet.
I didn't feel like it was for us.
Right.
Here we go.
I was like, tell us why you think it.
You like the show or something.
Why did you put that part in quotes?
Um, I said, doing a special episode of the headgun podcast tomorrow.
Reply to this tweet with the reason you listened to a show.
Right.
Because I did.
I wanted to get a good mix of earnest and not.
And I figured that that gave some.
The last little I checked none of it was earnest.
I kind of, yeah, whatever.
I appreciate at least a couple of minutes.
Yeah.
Well, you put the whole thing in sarcastic.
Johnny responded.
He said to hear my own voice.
Yeah.
I liked Johnny's response.
Tyler McCarthy says a mirror made that.
Y'all ready for fish.
Joke once.
That was fun.
I guess.
Yeah.
That's a lot.
I think about that.
Joke a lot to be honest.
Oh, really.
J.
K.
Ear bursting metal clangs that wake me from horrific night terrors.
Drothers, Marika, otherwise.
To see who's been cast as the next bond.
Pension for green.
God.
You want to get uninterrupted.
He wants to just.
We.
We haven't even brought up the elephant in the room.
Which is what?
Today.
On the internet, it was announced that Aaron Taylor Johnson is about to sign his contract to play
the next bond.
And if we all remember, that was my very first bond of the week.
Jeff is going again.
Why do you think they want Aaron Taylor Johnson as bond?
Is it because he dated?
Is Mary to someone who's like 40 years older than him?
Yeah, he was groomed.
We have to talk about it.
Wait, how old is he?
British.
He's not very innocent.
Is this true?
Why?
Look at him.
Oh, she's 57.
Okay.
This is terrible.
Yeah.
And they've been married for 13 years.
It's really bad.
So he was 20 and she was 45.
And they got married.
Yeah.
And they've been married for 13 years.
Yes.
It's really bad.
So he was 20 and she was 45.
And they got married.
And they're still together.
Yeah.
They have children.
They have kids.
That's kind of cool, actually.
You're trying so hard to move on from this.
It would be another way around.
And everyone would say that's hotter.
That's cool.
And suddenly the women is older.
And then we're like, Oh, my God.
I can't believe it.
No.
That has to stop now.
We have to normalize the abnormalization.
Sounds like me.
Oh, good to say.
He's on.
Yeah.
You.
That's promo for the new.
How long is that?
You're here.
This show.
Jepherty.
Bullying.
On your laughing.
Miles is Jeff.
Lower deep dives.
And me.
That means.
Browns out.
J.K.
Catagaze.
Catataz.
Lista reasons for this.
It was like a very natural conversation happening.
And it felt like it was.
Yeah.
And you brought back to just reading a list.
It feels like with a multi year buildup to the bon thing.
That was a pretty anti-climbing.
He hasn't.
Into the deal.
The second.
The pen touches the page.
I will.
And what?
Host of fucking party.
And guess what else?
The 200th episode is coming up.
Faster approaching.
And how awesome.
I don't interrupt you guys.
People think that is one of us to interrupt.
I have the ability to interrupt.
He's different in interrupting by the way.
He's the same thing.
It's overlapling dial.
And you're starting to be laughing.
My fucking.
You also do interrupt us.
It's not just overlapping dial.
Really.
It's also interrupting.
Yeah.
Name.
Okay.
winners lap and you fucking just wait right back to reading a tweet like it was nothing.
Say it with me now. Overlapped and died. That was a reply to it. So that's why he
listens to the show. Um, a lot of people say to see niche internet history as it unfolds aka my ass.
If you guys ever had your ass unfold, do you keep that up the nude? It's on. Yeah, it's on Twitter.
For, uh, or sorry, X. Um, but I was thinking about deleting my Twitter the other day.
Twitter doesn't use it or my Twitter timeline has a lot of like violence on it. It's a lot of like
street fights that I don't want to see in like, like I don't follow anyone who does that, but the new algorithm
just shoves really sad stuff in my eyes. I think it's like based on watch time. So you must be like engaging
with it and somewhere. Yeah, I think it is based on watch time. It absolutely is. This is my free. It was
nothing like that. Yeah. Mine's like actually really good to be honest. Jeff only follows bum fights.
I was like, I thought it was showing you. And that's the, that's the you follow tab. It's not even
the course. Engaging segments that always leave room for the guests to be themselves while also having
a witty host to back up their banter. I, I really, the opposite. I appreciate that. That one's
from your local chatter racky. Uh, the boring car guy says, it's the cold icy stairs for me.
I thought you were calling one of us the boring car. Yeah, that's. Um, I mean, can we be honest about
something? Sure. There's a canker sore among us. Okay.
The first canker sore award goes to will. Oh, they did not see like wow. That's an upset. Yeah.
Why is he a canker sore? It's an indescribable award, but it's a new kind of fixture in the show
that I've been meaning to beta test, which is to say that every episode does have someone who
has canker sore energy. And he's hit like a thorn in the side. Is it like, uh, it's not that annoying.
It's an illusion in the side. Yeah. It's a herpes virus return, which is like a Saturn. This is me.
What a canker sore. But a little more canker. That's a cold sore. The green sore is herpes.
A canker sore is not a virus. It's just like it's a canker sore. I was going to say in a way.
Yeah, cold sore award or is it still the canker sore? I think it's the cold sore
war. It's sponsored by the cold sore case. And there's going to be a video intro made by
Sora. Yeah. Or that's awesome. Uh, every story can cold sore or more. I thought of a funny
sentence like that the other day. Uh, it was. Oh, that's good. Thank you.
That's five times. All right. Moving on to our last segment here. Uh, kind of true. Not so many
replies and you want more. You guys are not seeming happy about it. Well, I'm just I'm just looking at all of
them. You read these on then. Nobody fucking aids me. Nobody. Let's see Steven Joseph Flex says the
designed chaos, the less in sync everyone seems the better the episode. The more plan that
seemingly go arrive the better the episode. Well, it's a great reason this tweet from Dickson
cider, which is. Do you know that those monks that spend years in the Tibetan mountains getting
kicked in the ball so that they can no longer feel the pain listening to the headgun podcast for
the capacity of the years has trained my ears to be able to withstand that pain with stand that.
Yeah. Some of the team Coco podcast studios in large mud in Los Angeles. Oh, kind of a
wealthier area than Silver Lake should be say. Uh, yeah. It's kind of like the West Village versus
Williamsburg. Yeah. And in terms of the New York office, Union Square versus, um, where we were
in Williamsburg. Oh, okay. So you're saying that the New York office kind of has that large one energy
and the Silver Lake offices and to put it into a mirror's words in the slums? No, it's more of like
the east side artist friendly district of town. Artists friendly because some of the podcast advertising
deals here like you have ****. Don't think that's true. It's the opposite of what. No, it's not really.
Yeah. To close out the podcast. Conversations on Conan O'Brien needs a friend, largely unrelated
to the preceding interview are featured with O'Brien, Moffsessian and Gorley discussing topics,
including minor workplace squabbles, the success of the podcast, O'Brien's idiosyncrasies
and listeners messages. Sorry. Imagine us talking about the success of the podcast. No,
God. It's been amazing to watch the rise of the show. I mean, when was the peak now?
What? Like our peak was like episode. I'm going to go 120. No, it was earlier than that.
I think it was eight. I think it was eight eight seven. What did we do for the hundredth episode?
Uh, we had that was. Yeah, take it away, Marie. No, no, no. Yeah.
Pachelet. You suck, man. You fucking.
We just had playing on the screen behind Jeff, like a digital ad on his soundboard.
Be bothered to move his soundboard off of my face. What's it for? Oh, that's Marieka.
The peak was the grammar see theater. That's why we need another live show.
It's hard to maintain and sustain even the biggest shows can't grow forever.
I mean, didn't smart list like have broke or something deal for like a hundred million dollars. Yeah,
I think more. So it's like that's, but there are three very famous funny people.
Yeah, and what are you? You're one. Not famous.
They're also kind of funny guy. That's worse than you just saying not funny because I'm really
honest opinion. It's like a compliment. No, it's not backhanded, not really milk toast.
Take what you get, man. I don't want to take what I can get. I want to have what I deserve.
Which is being driven million dollars. Which is beans and I don't even need nine figures. By the way,
I'll take seven. Yeah, you'll take a million. I'll take a milli a milli a milli a milli six million.
A milli a milli a milli a milli a milli at Jeffrey James on Instagram at patreon.com
For its last Riley and Jeff told us. Are you trying to leave?
I'm trying to do this segment on Conan's podcast. Well, we're at out of time, right? It's been fucking 46 minutes.
Nobody wants to hear more of them. I'm not sure that was your phone call. You're the phone call.
It's got to be like 18 minutes of that. Right. So you wanted to kill Trump's portion. Let's talk about it. It's already noon.
I don't want to take up another fucking ounce of wills time. Is this $199?
This is a $197. Okay. Never mind.
Which I need to talk to on you before I leave today about the 200th episode.
You sure do. This is $199 and $2009. No, this is $197.
I have a great idea for the 200th episode and nobody's trying to help me get it done.
We have. No, we absolutely have. No, we've talked about it. It's like the live show. It's like,
oh, let's talk about it. Let's talk about it. It's on the calendar.
Move the fucking goal. No, it's on the first of all. I use the planner now. Second of all.
It's on the calendar. It's planned. But nobody's confirmed.
What do you? God. Oh my god. No, you don't. You can't.
You can't. Really? Well, okay. I'm going to bleep all this, but. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Really? Half of. And we have been talking about it. We
don't even start with me. I drop soup on my face.
He's installing hot. I drop soup on my eye. You ordering it a Chinese restaurant.
So not a bowl. Not a bowl. Not a bowl that I go out there and die for.
We're talking about face. We're talking about egg drop soup on my face.
And I think I have made several things. Yeah. Yeah. This episode was a classic B.
Do you think it was a B? We're not your client, but can we get a best
for this episode? No, probably not. Probably not.
So do you guys have any minor workplace squalbles you wanted to talk about? Maybe the success of this podcast?
It's just like what is what are our conversations like talking about the success of their podcast?
It's Conan O'Brien. I think it's Conan being like, I'm shocked that I translated TV
success into podcast success. It's so awesome. I don't have to like do all this stuff.
Well, you're a bad guy. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I did cover some Jeff idiosyncrasies.
So I feel like at the very least, at the very least, inability to look at the
success of the podcast. Workplace swapples. What's what's the drama in New York? Let's
actually talk about it. Let's take a couple more minutes. You're welcome, audience.
It's not drama, but a question for you. I'm a do you know why there's two leaders of soda?
Yeah, we were curious about that. Oh, yeah. That was Joel brought that in. That was left over from
from his party. He didn't invite me to until day. That he couldn't bring yogurt to. Joel has been using
the Pope. This is good drama. Yeah. Yeah. I heard about Joel's house cooling party that not
everybody has invited to. But he also, he just left three courts of yogurt in our fridge.
Yogurt or coffee. Yogurt. Stony Brook. Yeah, what they said. I just sometimes
feel like a shy about specifics. Yeah. And we were like, who's the yogurt as this? And he was
offended anyone asked. Well, it's a little personal to be like, what are you having for lunch?
It's like kind of judging what people bring in their lunch pale. Because not everybody knew we
we weren't thinking he was eating three courts of yogurt for lunch. You know, on flavor water,
vanilla bean. On flavor flavor. The other piece of East Coast dramas that
recently rinsed into packet. Oh, I got stolen. And it was a bunch of girl scout cookies. So it
really sad. And then he told me that he was sending another package and then he'd to keep my
out for it. It was really important. And I just like, I thought he lived in the Hampton's.
Yeah, but he, you know, he was a little guy. He said, he's so blessed. Oh, my gosh,
how are we starting over? And my house is ending. And now we're like, I wonder if you
am a dancer. Doesn't matter. Hampton Bayers. Hi, Ryan for chambers. We have to end this. Go fire
pale or starting to drift into the studio now. A swell. They're going to stay. We got another
hour of it. We're having a salad rather than a partner. We should have a pancake luncheon.
Hey, my lunch. Okay. Why lunch? I didn't say lunch. I said luncheon, luncheon, but it
I said LinkedIn. Um, I don't know because nobody wants to get here before like 10 people were here
when you got here. Yes, which is done for me. Yes, we're like 30 every morning. I really think that
in terms of what I wanted this episode to be, we got there. We're all fiends. We're all fiends. We're all
enemies and folks. Yeah, fucking a mirror's gesticulation took kind of a sleep down curve as
soon as I pointed it out. He's doing prop work now. I'd rather prop work than what he was doing before.
I have to say Emma. What? Ends right there.
That was a hit-dum original.